Hey guys, welcome back.
Welcome to the brand spanking new section.
This section, we have a painfully boring process that
we really need to do if we want to have a complete
grip on our account and our marketing strategy.
So what we're going to do is lay the groundwork in this section, every procrastinator's worst nightmare. Planning ahead, ew.
We need to figure out, before we dive headfirst into
this vanity fest, who our target audience is, where
they reside and distribute their precious likes,
and we need to make note of the influencers in our space.
If you haven't been indoctrinated by
social media marketing gurus yet,
well, the term influencer in this case just means someone
with a lot of followers - they influence other people.
In our case, we can call pretty much anyone with over
5,000 followers an influencer. Generally, a normal
person does not have over 5,000 followers.
We need to know who these people are for two reasons.
One, we want to track what they do and learn from them.
And two, we need to have them handy when we get to
the promotion part of the course, because we're going
to start reaching out to them.
Note to the viewers, if you really don't want to do
this stuff manually, it is kind of time consuming,
so you can skip these lectures and just go to the end of
the section, where we do this automatically using an app.
This is, of course, for people who want to spend some
coin, because, well, it costs money unfortunately.
We first focus on the free way,
basically you being a grunt,
and then the not-so-free ways.
So, without further ado, let's get our research on.
See you in the next lecture.